A black streak of heavy smoke flashed through the grey dim sky, fabrics clashing the air produced the familiar sound of falling. 

Oh how she wished her last sight wouldn't be this palette of death. Thus closing her eyes, twitching her lips ever so slightly upwards, she awaited for the cold yet imminent embrace of the ground.

Dust filled the area she took as her last bed. Yet she had not died, she knew this would not kill her. 

Her neck had curved in, her spine contracted--her own ribs stabbed her. But there was no blood--only ashes pouring from bruises--no, marks charcoal marks all over her body.

 The wretched sound of bones popping back in place, of skin reconnecting and tissue binding, the man responsible for this heard it all as he stood beside, trying to see through the dust.

The man raised his sword, maybe twice as tall as her, pointed it beneath her chin and demanded answers.

"What are you?"

Now finally healed--proof of the fall only the charcoal marks on her body, she gathered her knees to rest her head upon. The fabric of her dress torn yet everywhere, painting the crater of the impact into a lake of sludge. Tilting her head to him, as if she never saw the blade, her lips parted before the sky allowed the moon to finally meet her gaze.

"I suppose I owe you this much...", a melancholic sigh left her mouth, filling her lungs and deflating them slowly and deliberately.

He stood unwavering, she sat gracefully.

"A witch, a curse that learned how to talk", the man seemed wrathful but she continued noticing his gaze. 

"Not a Mage, nor a spellcaster that happens to be a woman, I am a witch unlike those you've met"

There was a slight pause in her words but mostly in the man's attention as if his mind had been read. She then added: "Ugly, disgusting, a blemish on this world I've heard many--I've said more "

The man noticed her torn clothes, her now revealed sides, burned skinny and frail, at this the moon hid again. A light drizzle began to sound, droplets falling around her, raising small yet noticeable splashes of mud. She reached a hand out, the rain avoiding her palm. 

The man asked for more information, she obliged.

"I only know what I read in books of old" her revealed shoulders trembled a little from the cold before speaking again
"Do you know what it takes to make a witch?", she waited for no answer, striking a small giggle, 
"It is three things, all of which have to meet", the man was intrigued.

"First is hopelessness, in my case it was a starless sky...perhaps this sky today may also be enough",she noticed. 

"Then marks of ruin and decay" her hand reached for the ashes on the ground, poured from her own wounds,
 "...these are mine", 
pointing to her charcoal marks.
 "Though I've read others had mud and sludge..."
Her previously lifted gaze darkened before lowering.
"The last is hate...and thus a witch is born"
He spoke: "In your case--What would that be?" ,she immediately answered
 "That would be personal", 
in response he lifted the zweihander near her throat.

She had no reason to yet she satisfied his curiosity 

"On a starless sky, a woman ran through the woods she loathed what breathed inside her. So she forced it out by metal and cast it in the flames she used to heat up that same rod...thus I came to life--a walking curse, one that learned to talk, a witch... that's all you need to know about that story" .