It is ugly, a petal is missing, the stem is crooked, the view to the pistil is obstructed, and the leaves are too short, Aoife watered that flower with a gaze of adoration.

She strolled along the path of her garden, no one knew the weird expression on her lips was a smile, she wore it proudly whenever she tended to her sanctuary.

It is a place brimming with life, yet Aoife always felt strangely alone.Being the union of a spirit and a human she never had anyone to call her own.Talking to animals filled this void, but only to a point, how could a worm warm you when you have your coldest thoughts?

That bothersome yet familiar feeling of the sun twitching your eyes open, it woke her up once more, she wiped her tears, the same ones she deceived herself into believing they are just from sleep. A swallowtail informed her of the situation at hand, a kid in the neighbouring village she frequented for essentials had grown ill. thus she rushed.

This wasn't a first, she offered help to creatures in pain, humans were no different. But with humans there was a strain in her chest, a certain lump in her throat, no matter she dressed up and headed off.

Some of the newer villagers avoided her gaze, others that knew her were all smiling. 
"Aoife is here, have you heard? Oh how she helped me the other day..."
"What a beautiful personality she has--", Aoife gritted her teeth, she bit her lips and continued, she despided people calling her personality pretty. The good thing about children is they do not lie about how they feel, the bad thing is their lack of tact about it, as she stomped through the streets, a young cried and tugged at her mother's apron, "Shushhh, she is a wonderful person", a wonderful person...

Aoife wasn't sure if being called a wonderful person was worse than being lied to in the face by calling her pretty, and honestly she didn't want to learn, she just wanted to hide back in her garden to wallow in her flowerbed, so she rushed even more.

This is the bad thing with being a people person, you notice how they dont look directly at you but inbetween your eyes, how they never describe how you look, how they talk just a little faster when speaking with you, Aoife loved all of creation, it was quite unrequited...



Ps: Aoife is inspired by a drawing I had made, I found it ugly and charming at the same time, so I wrote this:

"In that garden, there was this girl I found quite ugly
Yet she always regarded me with a smile
One day, she led me to a hidden corner with her favourite flowers
She brought me to her haven, haven to her own paradise
I soon then realised I was the truly ugly one

Because I had no place like that
No feelings like that
I never regarded anything as a haven
Only as ugly and hideous"

