Lorcán lived a secluded life in a forest; his company were the birds and all the "little folk" he called family. Lorcán, though surprisingly, was no enemy to strangers. He was fond of all life, prey and predator. It wasn’t something deep as in "the cycle of life" and other man-made ideologies. To Lorcán, love is the driving force of the universe; everybody fights for love, some kill, others protect. That meant you were free to take from the forest if you respected it; a friend to nature is a friend to Lorcán. Dwarves cut down his trees many a times, trees as old as Lorcán himself, but most of them treaded with respect, cut one down to make a house or a weapon to keep their loved ones safe and warm. The dwarven children usually played along with Lorcán; he was like a big statue with a fat nose, bushy eyebrows, and a smile that reached his ears. After all, they were family, people feeding on the forest and returning to it.

Dwarves were not the only ones to visit the ancient forest; many longed for this power. Stories say that a rural legend of a hunter, one that bested three boars with one flaming arrow, a dragonborn of bronze, had once tried to hunt in Lorcán's forest. Moonlit paths led the expert down the road of prey. Silent, everything was too silent. He knew this place was far too weird, but continued. The dragonborn had killed about three beasts and carried their pelts with him; then he found the fourth: a baby owlbear of some weird colour, the last one of the family. A self-satisfied smirk arose on him; the slithery tongue tried to wetten the scales, not in hunger but in a high only a hunter could experience. The small beast ran to save its life; the hunter pursued, but too futile, a straight line will never cut it for the accuracy of this hunter. It vanished in the dark, but predicting the trajectory, the dragonborn shot.

Mistake

To hunt for no gain

Mistake

No meat will be provided by a kid

The hunter knew he was only hunting for the thrill of it.

The moon for a second blinded his eyes; the man tried to see again into the peering darkness his prey had run off to: two white circles, a grey almost blue curve below it. Eyes, those were eyes staring into him, knives, no claws, directed at him. The man had to retrieve his prey, but as all living beings, he followed survival; his heel turned to run before his head. SNAP—he fell; thorns and vines grasped him and sunk him further into the earth. He crawled and begged for his strength to be enough, not to turn around, not to stay trapped. The pelts he carried were now alive again, but white, so pale and white; their claws came closer. The man screeched and again turned to his other side not to face the beasts he had killed, but so foolish he was, he had forgotten who was behind him.

A monster, whose skin had turned to wood, a monster with an unreadable expression. WAS IT ANGER? IS IT COMING FOR ME? IS IT REVENGE?

Lorcán freed him from the trap and let him run off, the baby owlbear in his arms and its dead parents on his back.

Lorcán drank the next day with his hillside family as he explained where the meat he had given them came from; Lorcán wouldn’t let any death go to waste.

A year later, Lorcán had set out. His love of the forest was strong; he wanted to keep protecting it, but Lorcán could hear the earth talk, the vines pulsing, the fairies crying. Something wrong was going on, so he decided to try and explore the world, to affirm his love for it and to protect it from this vile feeling he had, that something soon would ultimately lead to ruin. Lorcán had seen it first in his own forest: a wilted flower. He had to stop it.