“King of the sea, master trader, the man who holds the economy in his grasp, the god of gold many names have been given to one such as I, Glabgo,” declared the goblin, his voice slick with pride. He lounged upon a throne draped in imported silks, his magnificent robe of deep purple velvet catching the light like a gemstone.

“Ruler of Velrasa, and one of the Three who govern the Trading Isles. Ah, long live Talon and his glorious wars…” He paused, then barked, “Pig sorry, servant bring me some wine.”

A servant scrambled forward, bearing a goblet. Glabgo seized it and chugged the wine down with the recklessness of a sailor drinking cheap mead.

At that moment, the doors burst open.

“KRAH! I bring terrible news, my liege!” croaked a kenku messenger, feathers ruffled and voice half-echoed from another source. “Talon has halted all his wars!”

Glabgo froze. The goblet slipped in his hand, clinking lightly against the floor. His lips twisted in a grimace, the emerald of his skin paling to a sickly olive.

“I pay you to bring me good news, you winged freak!” he screeched, hurling the goblet. It shattered harmlessly against the far wall about ten feet wide of the cowering messenger.



"You say, halted all battlefronts? Do go on, dear," purred the orange tabaxi, his fur gleaming like firelight beneath the open sky. He lounged atop Kharthasa’s throne as though it had always been his, one leg draped over the armrest, half-dressed in a flowing white thobe that clung lazily to his lithe frame. Around him reclined several lovers human and tiefling each more disinterested than the last.

The satyr messenger stood stiffly, eyes fixed to the polished obsidian floor.

"Yes, Zaheer my liege," she said softly. "His expanse halted with no precedent."

The tabaxi’s laughter came roaring and sudden, full of wine and vanity.

"HA! I wonder how that disgusting, crude little goblin is faring now that daddy isn’t picking up anymore!" He flicked a grape at one of his lovers and grinned with all his sharp teeth.

The satyr hesitated before interrupting, her hooves shifting slightly against the stone.

"There is a rumor, sire... that Talon's eyes have turned elsewhere."



"Erev? A human has set his eyes on Erev?" The tiefling scoffed, red eyes gleaming like coals beneath a veil of smoke. He reclined on Erevasa’s throne as if born to it, his goatish heels hooked casually over one gilded armrest. Crimson robes pooled around him like spilled blood, embroidered with symbols older than the tongue of kings.

"Interesting... but utterly pathetic," he drawled, voice velvet with contempt. "Even I dare not set foot on that cursed cradle."

From the gloom behind the throne slithered his messenger a formless fiend of shifting shadow, its voice like oil on glass.

"The whispers of Valthar speak to me, sire Qhazar. They all say in unison: Talon is not to be underestimated. His eyes lie on the Peak."

The tiefling’s expression soured. A flick of his wrist, and the shadow twisted away like smoke snuffed out by will alone.

"Enough." His voice cut clean, final. "Erev’s treasures can only be mine."



Soon, the three leaders stood beneath the same vaulted chamber an uneasy convergence of might, wealth, and shadow.

Velthasa’s stench of pragmatism and coin clashed against the fragrant breeze that followed Kharthasa’s elegant envoy, while the cold silence of Erevasa seeped into the corners like smoke, unseen but suffocating.

One voice cracked with desperation, another purred with curiosity, and the last rang cold with wrath 

Yet all spoke as one:

“Set sails to Erev.”

Ps: Many texts existed to describe the various places of the world of erev, i do not like their quality so they have been selected out, chloe and selene belong to the Erev saga though due to 
them fitting greatly inside everwilt they have been placed there, to keep erev with all the cringe texts, that said i am proud of this one. With how much i've cut my guess is no one can really get a story from these