"Booting up/Systems engaged/All files intact/Days spent sleeping: 13/ Error-interrupt: Camera
lens obstructed/0xABF."
Y-2 tapped his head and shook his shoulders.
Warning: "Self" has overridden all standard protocols.
Y-2 pressed a button ridden with dirt, the voice annoying him came to pass soon enough, with a
gentle motion, he swooped up the butterfly that oh so dramatically obstructed his eyes. The
insect tried to walk, perhaps to explore, yet Y-2 rotated his hand to keep it in place as he
observed it.
It seemed to enjoy the cool touch of Y-2, who, despite the immense heat, had kept quite the
pleasant temperature. At least pleasant enough for this flying pollinator.
Y-2 left the shade, in consequence, he left his previous company. A few steps later, he knelt
upon this wasteland. The gesture was reminiscent of someone with knee pain.
Y-2 wondered, a lot of times like these. Before he started digging with his hands, he stared at
them, now butterfly-less. The metal reflected his face.
Twitching his fingers to hear the hydraulic sounds, he wondered, why did he need such human
hands? Five fingers, with only one thumb, is all but optimal. He thought, in fact, why did he need
such a human frame? He noticed the fact his legs didn't follow that trend. Is it because he could
rarely see them? He also wondered why he had such ties to human nature. What was it that
made him so obsessed? Those thoughts, as quiet as he had made them, they would never fully
disappear.
Y-2 did know one thing. He covered the seed with dirt.
Damp from his cooler module.
Whenever he tended to nature, his mind was at peace. This is probably in his intended design.
An algorithm made to please him when restoring equilibrium, a reward for an agent.
"Am I really happy then?" he spoke out loud, not even an echo.
“Humans have endorphins too”, there it is again, another coloration. Who was it even for?
Y-2 couldn't store much water, a human had water in their blood tissues, brain, eyes,
everywhere. Y-2 had a moderate tank, not much smaller than the human abdomen. This task,
along with his normal procedures, required barrels of it. Y-2 ran his palm over his body, he felt,
with his fingers, the various rune carvings– first came a breeze, then water.
It was afternoon by then, he heard the chirping of a familiar bird.Warning: Starlings in the area-!*/! invasive species- removal is in ordY-2's sensors turned red. His head automatically turned to track the starlings, he did override
this protocol, yet he knew what had to be done. It didn't make him feel well, yet he didn't feel
that bad either- his stance was closer to apathy
"Is forced apathy really apathy?"
Only a singular sensor remained red, the runes had also dimmed. Sterlings are smart birds, he
doesn't need to harm them all, just one. The rest will flee and never return.
He repeated this periodically.
There were seven of them. Maybe instinct brought them over to a place sure to flourish again.
Y-2's thigh revealed a weapon fitting his hand perfectly. "Why would a gardener need this?" He
took one cold step. "Why do I feel so-" He then took another one.
The sound was big enough to echo, even in a wasteland like the one Y-2 was standing on, or
like the one he swore his heart to be.
The birds flew in terror. The remainder of the unlucky bird was also returned to the soil and
other insects.
Y-2 returned to his tasks, "Would my hands shake? Were they of flesh?"
Two nights later, Y-2 was sitting beside the place he shot the Starling at.
The fact they no longer came back was comforting. He caught himself stargazing, was it the
correlation with the bird's species? This sort of meadow was the first place that life had returned
to, in the form of flowers. The flowerbed made no diference to his metallic bottom, he wondered
again why he kept staring, but before he could produce an answerWARNING: Footsteps detected in four directions: North.Northeast.West.South:Number:eleven:
Invasive species spotted: Humans
Y-2 shot up. He had trouble with humans. He couldn't override this protocol, not out of code, but
rather hesitance. His hand reached up in the end.
“They are smart beings…”, he rambled, “Only one… and the rest will scatter”
Y-2 was in distress, so much so he failed to see and tripped upon a dead human body, hidden
amidst the blood lilies.
“Why do they keep coming back?” Y-2 picked the gun up,
“Why won't they learn?” He ran,“Why must I kill more?”, The humans didn't even see him before one of them joined his
predecessors into feeding the red of the flower bed. The rest scattered… for now.
Y-2's sensors and runes calmed down, that couldn't be said for Y-2 himself. He sat near the
dozens of fallen ones, looking at his red hands, his terrifyingly red and steady hands, then
began to wonder again.
"Why, if I have to do this, do I look so human?”
“Why won't my code force apathy on me? For humans?" He knew the apathy didn't really work,
even for birds.
“How many more times will this happen?”
“Why me?”
Y-2 fell asleep on these thoughts, he didn't really require sleep. It was a habit he had developed
that happened to benefit his systems. Even then, he'd only sleep twice a week, but every time
he wondered too much, every time he killed too many humans, he felt as if sleep was the one
answer.
Booting up/Systems Engaged/All files intact/Days spent sleeping:14
This time, Y-2 woke up with no obstructions. Even his mind was clear.
“What makes humans so special?”
Y-2 raised himself up, the wasteland began to breathe life. It didn't need him, for now. This time,
Y-2 overrid his protocol to move to the next wasteland.
Taking the fabrics off of the lifeless bodies, he set out.
He felt the need to learn more and answer his questions.